Update github.md (#3267)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/app-development/github.md

The Sumo Logic App for GitHub connects to your GitHub repository at the Organization or Repository level, and ingests GitHub events through a webhook. These events populate the pre-configured Dashboards to give you a complete overview of your GitHub’s branch, issues, pull requests, user activity, and security events.

:::note

> If you want to collect audit logs for [GitHub Enterprise](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/admin/monitoring-activity-in-your-enterprise/reviewing-audit-logs-for-your-enterprise/audit-log-events-for-your-enterprise), follow the instructions on how to Stream GitHub Enterprise Audit Logs to an [Amazon S3 bucket](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/admin/monitoring-activity-in-your-enterprise/reviewing-audit-logs-for-your-enterprise/streaming-the-audit-log-for-your-enterprise#setting-up-streaming-to-amazon-s3) or [Azure Event Hubs](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/admin/monitoring-activity-in-your-enterprise/reviewing-audit-logs-for-your-enterprise/streaming-the-audit-log-for-your-enterprise#setting-up-streaming-to-azure-event-hubs), and then use an [Amazon S3 source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws/aws-s3-source/) or [Event Hubs Source](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/azure-event-hubs-source/) to send those logs to Sumo Logic. This App will work with [global webhook for Github enterprise](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/webhooks/using-webhooks/creating-webhooks#creating-a-global-webhook-for-a-github-enterprise), [organization webhook](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/webhooks/using-webhooks/creating-webhooks#creating-an-organization-webhook) or [repository webhook](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/webhooks/using-webhooks/creating-webhooks#creating-a-repository-webhook). Make sure not to select the same webhook event type at multiple levels(enterprise / organization / repository) to avoid duplicate ingestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to collect audit logs for [GitHub Enterprise](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/admin/monitoring-activity-in-your-enterprise/reviewing-audit-logs-for-your-enterprise/audit-log-events-for-your-enterprise):

1. Follow the instructions on [how to stream GitHub Enterprise Audit Logs to an Amazon S3 bucket](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/admin/monitoring-activity-in-your-enterprise/reviewing-audit-logs-for-your-enterprise/streaming-the-audit-log-for-your-enterprise#setting-up-streaming-to-amazon-s3) or [Azure Event Hubs](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/admin/monitoring-activity-in-your-enterprise/reviewing-audit-logs-for-your-enterprise/streaming-the-audit-log-for-your-enterprise#setting-up-streaming-to-azure-event-hubs).
1. Use an [Amazon S3 source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/amazon-aws/aws-s3-source) or [Event Hubs Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/azure-event-hubs-source) to send those logs to Sumo Logic. This app will work with [global webhook for Github enterprise](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/webhooks/using-webhooks/creating-webhooks#creating-a-global-webhook-for-a-github-enterprise), [organization webhook](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/webhooks/using-webhooks/creating-webhooks#creating-an-organization-webhook) or [repository webhook](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/webhooks/using-webhooks/creating-webhooks#creating-a-repository-webhook).

Make sure not to select the same webhook event type at multiple levels (i.e., enterprise, organization, or repository) to avoid ingesting duplicate data.
```
